feat(redis): add DB menu MTA-2004 (#696)
scaleway/docs-content: databases/databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/upgrade-a-database.mdx

> The action of changing the node type will perform a rolling upgrade of your Database Instance. During this process, the Database Instance will not be available for several tens of seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action of changing the node type will perform a rolling upgrade of your Database Instance. During this process, the Database Instance will be unavailable for several tens of seconds.
```
